great ad copy can make such a difference
in terms of leads generated and the cost
per lead
and unfortunately when it comes to
google ads
we do not have a lot of space to play
with i mean with 30 character headlines
and 90 character descriptions we really
need to make sure
every letter is maximized to its fullest
potential
in today's video i want to show you
what's worked best for me when it comes
to
writing google ads copy that converts so
you can generate more leads and
ultimately sales
from your google ad campaigns
[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys sophie perez here from ad
conversion helping you solve your lead
generation problems
and grow your business with digital
advertising if you're new here make sure
you click on that subscribe button and
all the links and resources i mentioned
you can find in the description box down
below i cannot understate the importance
of having great ad copy
having great copy is going to allow you
to generate more leads
increase your click-through rate and
ultimately increase your quality scores
take a look at this quick example of
these two different ads you can see this
first ad is generating leads for
eighteen dollars
and this second ad is generating leads
for a hundred dollars and the
only difference is the ad copy itself
they're both going towards the same
landing page
and i'm sure if you looked into your own
google ads account right now or maybe
your client's google ads account
you'll notice that you have some ads
that are doing the majority of the work
in terms of the conversions generated
for your account
so with that being said let's go ahead
and hop into step number one
step number one is research most of
copywriting success
really just comes down to research like
the late eugene shorts once said
copy is not written copy is assembled
meaning amateurs start from scratch and
pros
leverage proven frameworks they take
that and they piggyback off the success
of others
and what's worked for them when it comes
to writing ad copy
you see the amateur just goes into the
google ads campaign
clicks on that create new ad button and
just stares at the screen until they
think of something clever to say
without having done any research or
having any references to leverage
now if this is how you've been going
about writing ads in the past
i don't want you to feel bad about it
i'm not trying to throw shade at you i'm
definitely guilty of it i've definitely
been there and done that
but i want you to make the commitment
moving forward to do the research
necessary to really make the difference
in your ad copy and to really be able to
stand out from the noise
and to really generate more leads from
your existing campaigns
i actually filmed an entire video on how
to spawn your google ads competition
so you can do that competitor research
so i highly recommend you check that out
but the two methods that i really
recommend you use when it comes to
spying on your competition to see their
ad copy
i recommend number one isearchroom.com
and number two
spyfu.com isearchroom.com is going to
allow you to put your target keywords
and see competitors ads from all over
the world and then spyfu.com is going to
allow you to put your competitors
website
and see all the top ads that they have
been running in the past
now the goal with doing all this
research is for you to create a swipe
file
and a swipe file is literally just a
folder
with a lot of different examples of
inspiration that you found
of different ads from people within your
industry it could even be people outside
of your industry it could be landing
pages
it could be anything that you feel can
be helpful to you when it comes to
writing google ads copy or really
improving your landing pages or really
improving
anything in your marketing it could be
again in your industry or outside your
industry
so really the goal is you want to do all
this research you want to find out what
are the top ads in your industry
what are the top ads that you see
outside of your industry that maybe you
can bring
inside your industry and really disrupt
things so you want to be open to sources
of inspiration
inside your industry and outside of your
industry and really create a swipe file
so that you can store all that
inspiration in there so that when you go
into your google ads campaign and it's
time for you to create ads
you're not just staring at the screen
and and hoping you get some sort of
inspiration right you've already done
the work you've done the research so you
look at that swipe file and that's going
to start sparking some ideas in your
brain
of things that you can test in your ads
copy i want to show you really fast an
example of a swipe file of mine
and this is literally it right here it
is simple as just a google drive folder
and in this google drive folder
i literally just have inspiration that i
got from a whole bunch of different
sources so i have google ads copy in
here that i thought was nice
i have facebook ads copy i have landing
pages that i thought were pretty cool
literally anything you can grab
inspiration from all different places
and just throw it into your swipe file
so that way when you have to go right ad
copy for your google ads
you're not starting from scratch right
so this swipe file i built it up by
looking at competitors
i looked it up by looking at just people
in other industries and other companies
again just getting inspiration from
anywhere
and my swipe file is like super
organized to be honest with you you
don't have to
organize it if you don't want to i mean
i don't personally it's literally just a
mess i just screenshot i'm like it's
almost like a
a habitual thing even on my cell phone
like i'll just be scrolling through
places
and i'm just screenshotting like if you
ever saw my phone you went to the photo
section
you would literally just see screenshots
of ads and landing pages
and i just literally from my phone i'll
send it into my swipe file
from google drive so i'll literally
connect google drive to my phone and i
can just send the picture directly into
my google drive
swipe file folder and i literally have
this for every single one of my clients
and when i'm researching my clients
competitors or i just see cool things
that i'm like hey this would be awesome
for this client
i just throw it into their swipe file
you probably should be more organized
than me but to be honest with you i'm
i'm not organized with you and it works
for me so
uh you know take it as you will but this
is what i highly recommend is put
together a swipe file for yourself so
that way you're just not starting from
scratch
you don't want to start from scratch you
want to take proven concepts and
leverage that
step number two when writing google ads
copy that converts
is to enter the mind of your customer
and all that means is you need to see
things from your customers point of view
so when it comes to writing ads the goal
with your ad
is to get it clicked so that they can
actually go to the next step in your
process so you're really trying to sell
the click
to your customers and really pique their
interest and show them hey this might be
something you want to learn more about
so the way i kind of like to think about
entering the mind of your customer
because i can seem kind of vague and in
the sky
is just imagine your dream customer her
name is betty let's say she's a woman
her name is betty
and you're in a subway station it's loud
people are moving it's hectic
and you scream out betty and all the
betty's in that subway station which are
your dream customer
they turn around and that's what you
want your ads to do is you want your ads
to break through the noise
by actually speaking directly to the
person that you are trying to
communicate with
which is your dream customer so really
doing the research on
what are the pains that they're
experiencing the fears they're
experiencing
the pleasure that they want to achieve
and really what your solution does
for them and really there's three things
that i like to think about when writing
google ads copy
to really be able to make it as enticing
and possible and to really
enter the mind of my customer and these
are really the three key areas that i
like to
answer when writing ad copy and number
one is to answer objections
so when you're thinking about your
customer think about the objections that
they
have around your service that would
prevent them in the first place from
even wanting to learn more
maybe one of it is one of them is price
maybe another one is delivery time
whatever it might be but
find out do the research what are the
biggest objections your customer
has that will get them to stop from even
wanting to explore your
solution further right they see your ad
in google and if you don't address that
big objection
they might even just tune you out
because they're like oh i'm not even
going to bother clicking on that ad
because it might be too expensive or
whatever it might be so you want to
think about your customer what are the
biggest objections they have
and how can you address that in your ad
copy so again you can sell that click
so they can go to your next page and
learn more about what it is you have to
offer
the second thing is you need to
communicate benefits you really need to
take a step back and think about your
solution
in terms of the outcome that it provides
for your dream customer
so really what are the benefits that you
can communicate to your customer
that are going to want them to take that
next step so for example give you a real
example one of my clients has a
bartending school
and all the other bartending schools are
trying to say
we're the best bartending school we are
certified blah blah blah boring boring
boring what we did was we said hey you
know what
what is the benefit that our dream
student wants
and they want to get certified and they
want to earn extra cash
so that's literally the headline that we
put and our click-through rates
have skyrocketed ever since putting that
headline so really
thinking about the benefits of what it
is you offer people don't care about
your bar school and the type of bar you
use and all this stuff
i mean that's cool but what is what is
the end goal right what is the ultimate
benefit that your service does for that
customer
so you can communicate it to them so
that you pique their curiosity you sell
that click
and they go to the next step in your
funnel so again answer objections
communicate benefits
and then last but not least always
always always
provide a call to action tell them
what you want them to do next don't just
assume always tell assume the sale
as they say in sales right you want to
make sure that you're guiding them to
the next step so for example
your call to action could be learn more
and that'll get them to take that next
step
so always provide a call to action that
leads them down
into your sales funnel and get crazy
with it sometimes different call to
actions perform better than others so
feel free to test
now quick pro tip when writing expanded
text ads you want to make sure that
you're communicating your message with
your headline 1 and your headline 2
because on desktop the headline 3
doesn't appear most of the time so you
want to make sure you're not relying on
headline 3
and you're clearly communicating your
message with headline 1 and 2.
another thing is with responsive search
ads you want to make sure that
if in the case that your headlines and
descriptions are too different from each
other
and that you don't want to run the risk
of having incongruent messages
you may want to consider pinning certain
parts of your messaging
to different positions in your ads so
you can pin headline one
for example and pin description one
whatever it might be but if in the case
you're not worried about that and you're
okay with google having free reign
then don't pin anything and just let
google go crazy but if in the case you
are kind of sensitive about
how your ads are gonna be displayed then
make sure that you're pinning
what needs to be pinned within your
responsive search ads the third and
final step to writing google ads copy
that converts so you can get more leads
get more sales for your business or your
clients business
is to test because despite all the
research
and all the careful planning and
preparation you're not going to know
what actually works in the real world
until you get it out there
so do not fall victim to analysis
paralysis
just trust in the process that you did
the best that you could in terms of
putting together this message based on
proven frameworks but now
go ahead and start testing to get real
feedback and actually seeing
what resonates with your marketplace so
go ahead and test your ad copy
test your headlines test your
descriptions test your ad
formats and really test different
variables
that you feel are going to really give
you the best benefit in terms of
improving your ad performance
increasing that click-through rate
increasing that quality score
and ultimately generating more leads for
less cost that is it for this video i
hope you got tremendous value and i
really just want to drive this last
point home
is to never settle for good enough do
not be complacent
specifically with your ad copy it's easy
to have a really good ad that you're
happy with
and that you just kind of stop testing
never stop testing
always always always try to beat your
control and always try to
put new limits for yourself to really
test and expand
so that you can be the best advertiser
possible
and get the best performance possible
for your own business or for your
clients business
that is it for this video if you like
the video if you can give it a thumbs up
that'll help me get it ranked higher in
the search engines
and if you like content like this feel
free to subscribe to the channel
and also if you want to get access to
more training on google ads
i actually created a free training on
how to launch successful google ad
campaigns
and you can find that in the description
box down below as well as access to my
new facebook group on google ads lead
generation
thanks so much for watching i'll see you
in the next one take care